docs:  fix context information in guides (#2902)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/guides/context.md

# Enrich Apps Traces with Context and Metadata

This guide will walk you through the usage of Context in Keptn.

After reading this guide you will be able to:

> - Add metadata to application and workloads traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add metadata to applications and workloads traces
```

- Link traces between different versions of your application

> `KeptnAppContext` is a custom resource in Keptn that allows you to add metadata

Reviewer: I feel like here there should be a heading because there is a big jump. Maybe: 
```suggestion

## Introduction

`KeptnAppContext` is a custom resource in Keptn that allows you to add metadata
```

and links to traces for a specific application. 
This enables you to enrich your traces with additional information, 
making it easier to understand and analyze
the performance of your applications.

Common usage of this feature may include:

> - adding commit id or references related to git-hops tooling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- adding commit id or references related to your GitOps tooling
```
or maybe CI/CD, pipeline

- referring to different stages and actors

> To exploit this feature you need to install Keptn and deploy an application `app.yaml`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To exploit this feature you need to install Keptn and deploy an application,
```

> for instance like done in [step #1-#3 here](../getting-started/observability.md#step-1-install-keptn)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for instance, you can follow [step #1-#3 here](../getting-started/observability.md#step-1-install-keptn)
```

To visualize traces you will require either Jaeger or Grafana:

- Install
  [Grafana](https://grafana.com/grafana/)

>   or the visualization tool of your choice, following the instructions in
>   [Grafana Setup](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/).

Reviewer: it reads weirdly, maybe we should shift around. Similarly for traces right after this bullet point
```suggestion
  following the instructions in [Grafana Setup](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/)
  or the visualization tool of your choice.
```

- Install
  [Jaeger](https://www.jaegertracing.io/)
  or a similar tool for traces following the instructions in
  [Jaeger Setup](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.50/getting-started/).

## Include metadata in workload traces

> To enrich the workload traces with custom metadata you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enrich the workload traces with custom metadata, you can use the
```

`keptn.sh/metadata` annotation in your deployment.
The values specified in the annotation
are added as key-value attributes to the workload trace.

> Modify your `app.yaml` file and change the `app.kubernetes.io/version` from `0.0.2` to `0.0.3`

Reviewer: Now I get why the app.yaml at the beginning. I think it's a bit confusing the text. Maybe we should add smth like: re-using the prev example <link>, you can modify ...

(or `keptn.sh/version` if you used the Keptn specific labels earlier) and add a new
`keptn.sh/metadata: "stage=dev"` annotation.
This way, after the re-deployment, the workload trace will contain the `stage=dev` attribute.

## Include metadata in application traces

Similar to the previous step, custom metadata can also be added to application traces via the
[KeptnAppContext](../reference/api-reference/lifecycle/v1beta1/index.md#keptnappcontext) custom resource.
In the `.spec.metadata` field you can define multiple key-value pairs, which are propagated
to the application trace as attributes in the same manner as for workloads.
In addition to adding the metadata to the application trace, the key-value pairs are also added
to each workload trace that is part of the application.
If the same key is specified for both
application and workload metadata attributes,
values specified for the workload take precedence.

> A `KeptnAppContext` custom resource needs to be created:

Reviewer: it reads weirdly based on the previous text. Maybe: 
```suggestion
A `KeptnAppContext` custom resource looks like the following:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: lifecycle.keptn.sh/v1beta1
kind: KeptnAppContext
metadata:
  name: keptndemoapp
  namespace: keptndemo
spec:
  metadata:
    commit-id: "1234"
    author: "myUser"
```

> After applying the `KeptnAppContext` to your cluster, you need to bump the version of your

Reviewer: I think we should add the purpose of this action. Maybe adding at the end of the paragraph something like:
this will trigger another deployment of your Application and Keptn will get the next context attribute and traces will contain `commit-id=1234,author=myUser`
